Update strong-team.md (#12843)
PostHog/posthog.com: contents/handbook/strong-team.md

## Growing the team beyond hiring

We hire insanely talented people to build products ourselves, but sometimes acquihires or acquisitions help us move faster by adding engineering capacity and expertise. These situations are rare so we’re often reactive with these - but we’ve set clear principles to make sure we handle them consistently.

### Acquihiring
This is an efficient way to onboard great engineers without all the complexity of an acquisition. For us, an acquihire means wrapping up your old company for your team to join PostHog purely as talent, which we will match up with our product teams where it makes sense.

- **Everyone goes through our standard interview process.** There are no exceptions, even if you join as a group. <TeamMember name="Coua Phang" photo /> will organize each interview stage with your team members individually so everyone goes through the process in the same timeframe.
- We do not pay for acquihires - we just hire the people. Sometimes we’ll pay a premium if it makes hiring multiple people easier.  

>   - For YC founders, we may pay a premium of ~$500k. This is treated like additional compensation that vests over the standard PostHog equity schedule (not a lump sum upfront).  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - For YC founders, we may sometimes pay a premium. This is treated like additional compensation that vests over the standard PostHog equity schedule (not a lump sum upfront).  
```

No need to mention numbers I don't think

>   - For engineers, we pay our normal salary plus a one-time bonus of ~20% of base salary. Hiring multiple engineers together compounds impact quickly, so we reward that benefit directly.  

Reviewer 2: I don't remember this either, assumed this was from a followup conversation

>   - For engineers, we pay our normal salary plus a one-time bonus of ~20% of base salary. Hiring multiple engineers together compounds impact quickly, so we reward that benefit directly.  

Author: No follow up, so I must have misinterpreted my notes?

>   - For engineers, we pay our normal salary plus a one-time bonus of ~20% of base salary. Hiring multiple engineers together compounds impact quickly, so we reward that benefit directly.  

Reviewer 3: I think we said that sometimes we might do a bonus to close the deal. I don't remember the 20% number.
